MR.
TRENT, GO AHEAD.
RIGHT
, TRY IT AGAIN THIS
NOW
RIGHT HERE WE GO.
>> RIGHT.
WELCOME TO THE FEBRUARY TWENTY
EIGHTH TWENTY TWENTY FOUR
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
MEETING.
I'M CANDACE PRIOR CHAIRPERSON
OF THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS IS
A NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL FIRST
WE'LL HEAR FROM PLANNING
SERVICES REPRESENTED BY JOHN
BARRETT, THEN THE APPLICANT OR
THEIR REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE
THEIR PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME AND WILL
ANNOUNCE IN 30 SECONDS OUR
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR
REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL IN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD, THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE RACE HAND FEATURE IF
VIEWING THROUGH THE WEBLINK
PHONE ACCESS CALL EIGHT SEVEN
SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TWO
FOUR SEVEN AND ENTER MEETING ID
NINE THREE EIGHT ONE SIX FOUR
EIGHT ONE ZERO ZERO SEVEN CITY
STAFF WILL SELECT CALLERS THAT
HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND USING
THE LAST THREE DIGITS OF THEIR
PHONE NUMBER OR BY NAME IF
AVAILABLE FOR THOSE ACCESSING
THROUGH THE WEBLINK YOU WILL
HEAR AN AUTOMATED ANNOUNCEMENT
THAT THE HOST IS ALLOWING YOU
TO SPEAK WHEN SPEAKING PLEASE
MOVE TO A QUIET AREA AND MUTE
ANY TELEVISION OR BACKGROUND
SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD.
WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL.
FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE
BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN
APPEAL TO BE GRANTED FINALLY,
ANY QUALIFIED PARTY WHO IS
AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION OF THE
BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT DECISION
TO THE WASHTENAW COUNTY CIRCUIT
COURT ON A TIMELY BASIS.
>> ROLL CALL I AM HERE TO GRANT
I AM HERE DAVE DEVOTEE CHRIS
MADIGAN HERE SADIR CLERK HERE
GRACE WHITNEY MCDANIEL HERE
GERMAN ECKMANN HERE.
CHRISTINA GUZIK HERE WE HAVE A
QUORUM MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
I WILL NOTE THAT PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO ONE
TWELVE NINETY FOUR JEWITT
AVENUE HAS BEEN POSTPONED UNTIL
THE MARCH ZIBA MEETING.
>> YEP WELL I THINK WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO TAKE A VOTE ON THAT
TO POSTPONE IT SINCE IT'S
ALREADY BEEN ADVERTISED AND
THERE WAS A THERE WAS A GRAVE
ERROR IN THE ADVERTISEMENT SO
OK, SO WE CAN TAKE PUBLIC
COMMENT IF ANYBODY WANTS TO
SPEAK ON IT BUT THEN WE WON'T
TAKE ANY ACTION.
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
OK, OTHER THAN THAT, ARE THERE
ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS OR
CHANGES TO THE AGENDA?
I HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE THE
AGENDA.
THANK YOU MY SUPPORT.
THANK TED.
>> ALL IN FAVOR.
I USED A POST RIGHT MOVING ON
TO APPROVAL FOR MINUTES.
>> WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE JAN
TWENTY FOURTH TWENTY TWENTY
FOUR ZIBA MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS,
COMMENTS, CORRECTIONS ON THOSE
MINUTES.
NO NOT DO I HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE MINUTES.
SO THANK YOU CHRIS.
SUPPORT SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU CHRISTINA.
ALL IN FAVOR SAY I WILL POST.
>> ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
FIRST WE HAD PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO ONE
TWELVE NINETY FOUR JEWITT
AVENUE.
AS I MENTIONED, THIS PETITION
IS BEING POSTPONED UNTIL MARCH.
SO IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, NOW'S THE TIME
THERE WILL BE ANOTHER PUBLIC
HEARING AT THE MARCH MEETING
BEFORE WE CONSIDER THIS
PETITION AGAIN.
>> SO IF YOU WANT TO SPEAK ON
THIS, YOU DON'T HAVE TO SPEAK
TODAY BUT YOU MAY IF YOU WOULD
LIKE THERE ARE NO CALLERS AS AS
WELL.
>> THANK YOU, JOHN.
WITHOUT A PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE WILL MOVE ON TO
PETITIONS A TWENTY FOUR DASH
ZERO ZERO ZERO TO NINETEEN
SIXTY.
>> I WOULD DRIVE JOHN THANK YOU
.
I'M JOHN BARRETT, ZONING
COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY OF ANN
ARBOR.
ROBERT CLARK REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY OWNER IS SEEKING A
VARIANCE OF TWELVE FEET ONE
INCH FROM CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE
TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH
ONE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
ZONING DISTRICTS.
THE VARIANCE IF GRANTED WILL
ALLOW FOR A NEW AND CLOSE CLASS
SUMMER SUNROOM ADDITIONS IN THE
REAR YARD OF THE PARCEL.
THE NEW ADDITION IS 19 FEET BY
16 FEET AND WILL BE
APPROXIMATELY THREE HUNDRED AND
FOUR TOTAL SQUARE FEET.
WHEN FINISHED THE SUNROOM WILL
BE SEVENTEEN POINT NINE FEET
FROM THE REAR FLAT LINE THE
PROPERTY IS ZONED R ONE C
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND
REQUIRES A 30 FOOT REAR YARD
REQUIRED SET BY THE SUBJECT.
PROPERTY IS LOCATED AT THE
INTERSECTION OF DARTMOOR ROAD
AND IVY WOULD DRIVE IN THE
DARTMOOR NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE HOME WAS CONSTRUCTED IN
1964 AND IS APPROXIMATELY ONE
THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED THIRTY SIX
SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE REAR SETBACK FOR THE
PROPERTY IS THE SOUTHERN
PORTION OF THE LOT.
THE REAR YARD IS OPPOSITE AND
MOST DISTANT FROM THE FRONT
LINE PER THE UNIFIED
DEVELOPMENT CODE DEFINITION
OF A REAR LIGHT LINE.
IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE MONITOR YOU'LL SEE THE
FIRST SLIDE FOR THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY THE ZONING YOU'LL SEE
IT HIGHLIGHTED IN BLUE IN THE
CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN AND YOU
SEE THAT IT'S JUST SOUTH
OF WEST LIBERTY AND EAST
OF WEST STADIUM THE DARTMOOR
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE AERIAL
PHOTO OF THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND SURROUNDING
NEIGHBORHOODS AND THE NEXT
SLIDE IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL
PHOTO OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
AND YOU SEE WHERE MY CURSOR IF
YOU CAN SEE THAT WHERE THE REAR
YARD IS AND YOU SEE A BRICK
PAVER PATIO.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION AND THE APPLICANTS
ARE ASKING FOR THIS 12 FOOT ONE
INCH VARIANCE TO BE SEVENTEEN
POINT NINE FEET FROM THE REAR
LINE AND YOU SEE THE
SUPERIMPOSED FOOTPRINT OF THE
SUNROOM ON THE SURVEY.
>> NEXT SLIDE WAS SUBMITTED A
PHOTO CONCEPT RENDERING BY THE
APPLICANT SUPERIMPOSING WHAT
THE PROPOSED SUNROOM WILL LOOK
LIKE WHEN FINISHED.
THIS IS JUST A FLOORPLAN
FOOTPRINT FOUNDATION OF THE
SUNROOM.
THESE ARE PHOTOS THAT I TOOK AT
THE PROPERTY WHEN I MADE MY
VISIT SITE VISIT AND THIS IS
THE FRONT OF THE PROPERTY, THE
FRONT DOOR THIS IS MOVING TO
THE BACK OF THE PROPERTY AND
YOU SEE THE EXISTING BRICK
PAVER PATIO AND ITS CURRENT
STATE.
>> AS I STATED EARLIER THIS IS
LOOKING WITH MY BACK TOWARDS
THE THE ARE THE FACADE OF THE
HOUSE TOWARDS THE NEIGHBORS
LOOKING SOUTH AND THIS IS
LOOKING FROM DARTMOOR TOWARDS
THE GARAGE IN THE HOUSE ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF THE PROPERTY AND
THAT IS ALL THE PHOTOS AND
PRESENTATION I HAVE AT THIS
TIME.
>> I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS
THAT YOU MAY HAVE.
THANK YOU, JOHN.
QUESTION SURGEY SO IT SOUNDS
LIKE IT WOULD NOT MAKE A
DIFFERENCE IF THIS ENCLOSED SUN
PORCH WERE ATTACHED TO THE
BUILDING OR NOT BECAUSE IT'S
FULLY ENCLOSED THAT WAY A
VARIANCE IS NEEDED IF IT WERE
RAISED FOR EXAMPLE, YOU
WOULDN'T NEED A VARIANCE BUT
BECAUSE IT'S ENCLOSED IS THAT
TRIGGER BECAUSE IT'S BECAUSE
IT'S ATTACHED TO THE HOME AND
IT'S AN EXTENSION A ROOF
EXTENSION THE HOME AND IT'S
PART B ONCE IT'S ATTACHED IT
BECOMES PART OF THE HOME.
GUIYU SO IF THEY BUILT IT
SEPARATE IT WASN'T ATTACHED TO
THE HOME THEN IT WOULDN'T
IMPACT THE SETBACK REQUIREMENT.
>> WELL THAT WOULD SETBACKS NO
MAYBE BUT THE STRUCTURE THIS
SIZE THERE'S LIMITATIONS AND
SIZE AND THE REAR YARD SETBACK
AREA SO I'M NOT SURE THE SIZE
OF THIS WOULD IMPACT THIS NOT
BECAUSE OF COVERAGE.
THE PERCENT OF THE BACK YARD IS
CORRECT FOR A DETACHED
STRUCTURE BUT IT'S ATTACHED SO
IT'S GOT TO MEET THE SAME
SETBACKS THE HOME MAKING ANY
OTHER QUESTIONS FOR FEATURE.
SO SINCE THIS IS LIKE A IS A
CORNER LOT, RIGHT?
>> THESE ARE BUT IT'S STILL THE
REAR YARD CORRECT WATER.
>> WHAT'S THE REAR YARD
OPPOSITE THE MOST DISTANT OF A
FRONT LINE.
OK THAT MAKES SENSE BASED ON IF
YOU LOOK AT THE THE PHOTO
THAT'S UP RIGHT NOW OR THE THE
SLIDE YOU CAN TELL THAT THE S
LOT LINE IS FURTHER THAN THE IF
YOU WERE TO MEASURE FROM THE
THE DARTMOOR SIDE OF EACH SIDE
IN THE DARTMOOR SIDE OK THIS
MIGHT BE UNFAIR FOR YOU OFF THE
TOP BUT I WAS JUST CURIOUS WHAT
DO IN THE OTHER ONE SEE WHAT
THEIR CURRENT DIMENSIONAL
STANCE ARE FOR LOT SIZE AND LOT
WIDTH IF WE HAVE THAT SIZE IS
SEVENTY TWO HUNDRED SQUARE FEET
AND LOT WITH THE SIXTY I
BELIEVE IT IS SIXTY FEET.
OK SO THIS THAT'S CONFORMING
LOT THIS LOT WHAT SIXTY SIX
POINT ONE SIX WHITCOMBE.
ALL RIGHT THANK YOU.
CAN YOU HELP ME UNDERSTAND IF I
AM LOOKING AT LIKE A UNIQUE LOT
IN CONTEXT WITH THE REST OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD I MEAN IS THERE
SOMETHING PECULIAR?
YEAH I AM NOT WELL I MEAN
THERE'S CORNER LOTS THAT EXISTS
ALL THROUGHOUT SCHABIR YEAH.
AS A FREQUENT MEMBER OF THE
BOARD I'M SURE WE WE GET ABOUT
ONE CORNER LOT EVERY OTHER
MONTH I WOULD SAY SO IT DOES
IMPOSE DIFFERENT TYPES
OF RESTRICTIONS AND SETBACKS AS
OPPOSED TO SAY THE LOT RIGHT
NEXT DOOR THERE AND YARD IS
CONFIGURED DIFFERENTLY IF YOU
LOOK AT THE EAST SIDE OF THE
LOT AND THE WAY THE HOUSE IS
POSITIONED, IT'S YOU KNOW, IT'S
FACING IVY WOOD WITH THE
SIDEWALK AND THEN IF YOU LOOK
AT IT, LOOK AT THEIR REAR GUARD
IT'S ONLY FIVE FEET IN DEPTH.
>> MM.
BUT A LOT OF THESE HOMES AND
SITUATIONS LIKE THIS WERE BUILT
PRIOR TO THE ORDINANCE BEING
ESTABLISHED SO THIS HAS LESS
OF A BACKYARD TO WORK WITH.
OH SORRY.
WELL MAYBE SO IF YOU DON'T MIND
CAN I JUST JUMP IN REAL QUICK
HERE.
>> THAT WAS THE POINT OF MY MY
QUESTION AND THOUGH IT'S A
CORNER LOT IT'S STILL
CONFORMING RIGHT.
>> SO IT MEETS THE MINIMUM WITH
IF WE WERE TO PROPOSE THE NEW
NEIGHBORHOOD HERE THIS LOT
WOULD BE ACCEPTABLE AND SO IT'S
COMPETING AGAINST ANY WITH
CHALLENGES THAT THE OTHER
NONCONFORMING OLDER LOTS WOULD
THAT'S A FAIR STATEMENT.
IT'S JUST IT'S ABOUT
POSITIONING OF THE HOME AND
MAKING AN ADDITION TO THE HOME
IT CANNOT BASED THE POSITIONING
IN THE WAY IT'S ON A CORNER LOT
AND SETBACKS BEING APPLIED.
IT DOESN'T ENABLE THE HOMEOWNER
TO IN ADDITION OR AN
IMPROVEMENT TO THE PROPERTY
WITHOUT A VARIANCE BECAUSE
WHEREAS THE BACK LINE MEASURE
FROM AGAIN FROM THAT S OUTLINE
OK IT'S GOT THE IT'S GOT TO
MEET ANY STRUCTURE THE
PRINCIPAL STRUCTURE OK THE
HOUSE HAS TO MEET THIRTY FEET
TO THAT LINE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> AND I JUST GO YES AND THEN
TO THE PROPERTY TO THE EAST
WHAT ARE THERE SETBACKS.
>> SO THEY'LL BE THE SAME
THEY'RE YOU HAVE A FIVE FOOT
SIZE AND 30 FOOT REAR AND THE
REAR IS TO THE SOUTH CORRECT
MATTERS AS WELL.
>> OK, THEY DON'T HAVE TO FRONT
YARDS THOUGH.
THEY ONLY HAVE ONE FRONT YARD
THIS HOME THIS PROPERTY HAS TWO
FRONT YARDS.
>> OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
JOHN?
>> ALL RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONERS HERE IF
YOU'D LIKE TO COME FORWARD
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE
RECORD AND SIGN IN.
>> YOU'LL HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
MY NAME IS ROBERT CLARK.
UM, I'M WITH THE FOUR SEASONS
ON VIDARBHA.
UH, I'M REPRESENTING THE CLIENT
A LOT OF THE THINGS YOU GUYS
BROUGHT OUT HERE.
VERY TRUE.
I MEAN IT'S IT'S DEFINITELY IN
NEED OF A VARIANCE UM AND SAID
WELL THAT IF YOU SHIFTED OF ONE
LOT OVER AND BECAME AN INTERIOR
LIGHT THAT WE WOULDN'T BE
BEFORE OK BUT WE ARE SO WE'RE
NOT LOOKING WE'RE NOT LOOKING
FOR PITY.
WE'RE LOOKING MORE FOR LOGIC.
SO WHAT WE WHAT WE DID IN OUR
DUE DILIGENCE WAS AS JOHN TOOK
THE PICTURES I ALSO TOOK LINE
OF SIGHT PICTURES SHOWING LIKE
WHO WOULD IT YOU KNOW WHO WOULD
BOTHER ME?
AM I GOING TO CAUSE OR IMPEDE
UPON SOMEBODY THAT'S GOING TO
DISAGREE WITH THIS STRUCTURE?
OK, FROM IVY WOOD IF YOU NOTICE
THERE'S A LINE OF OVERVOTES
THAT ARE VERY TALL.
SO FROM IVY WOOD YOU CAN'T EVEN
SEE THAT PATIO AREA.
THE ONE THAT IS MOST AFFECTED
IS THE ONE THAT IS DIRECTLY
SOUTH OF IT IN IT THAT IS WHO
WE WHO THE CUSTOMER WENT TO AND
IN THE PACKET THERE SHOULD BE A
APPROVAL LETTER FROM THAT THAT
NEIGHBOR THAT SAID THEY HAD NO
PROBLEM WITH IT.
WE'RE BASICALLY FACING THEIR
GARAGE.
WE'RE NOT REALLY FACING THE
MAIN LIVING AREA OF THE HOME.
>> SO WITH THAT BEING SAID, I
MEAN THE WE APPEAL TO YOU THAT
IT'S IT IS IT IS I MEAN IT'S
NOT A UNIQUE BECAUSE IT'S
KORNILOV BUT IT'S UNIQUE TO THE
FACT IT YOU KNOW, I NOTICE I
WAS SUBMITTING MY APPLICATION
AS IF IT WAS A SIDE YARD SO
IT'S EITHER SIDE YARD THAT IS
THAT IS A REAR YARD BECAUSE
IT'S A CORNER LOT.
I DIDN'T CATCH IT AND HONESTLY
BUT I STARTED TO FACE IT AND WE
DID ALL OUR DUE DILIGENCE
OF DOING A BORDER SURVEY AND
SPENDING ALL THE MONEY TO GET
BEFORE YOU SO HOPEFULLY WE
COULD FIND REASON THAT THIS IS
NOT IMPEDING UPON ANYBODY THAT
WILL, YOU KNOW, JUMP UP AND SAY
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SO THAT'S WHERE WE'RE AT.
>> THANK YOU.
DO YOU WANT I MEAN I MADE THESE
OF SIGHT PICTURES.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU GET SCARED
TO LOOK AT THEM.
I MADE ABOUT FIVE PACKETS OF IT
BUT IT WILL JUST GIVE YOU I
DON'T KNOW IF YOU GUYS GOT BY
BY THE SITE BUT THIS WILL GIVE
YOU SAID IT OVER HERE AND YOU
GUYS YOU CAN A I I MARKED THE
WORDS FACING
ANY QUESTIONS FOR
THE PETITIONER TYPE?
>> YES, MR. CLERK.
YES.
SO THE PROBLEM I'M HAVING THIS
WE'RE GOING TO BE AN ENCLOSED
ROOM.
WE SEE THESE WERE PEOPLE HAD IN
ADDITION UNDER THEIR HOME
BECAUSE THEY NEED TO EXPAND THE
KITCHEN OR NEED A BEDROOM, ET
CETERA, ET CETERA.
BUT I AM I CORRECT IN SAYING
THAT THIS IS A SUN ROOM SO IT'S
JUST A ROOM THAT'S ENCLOSED.
IT'LL HAVE PATIO FURNITURE IN
IT.
THE IDEA IS TO KEEP THE
MOSQUITOES IN THE SUN.
>> IT IS WHEN THEY'RE OUT BUT
NOT ALWAYS PATIO FURNITURE.
THEY ACTUALLY FURNISHED THEM
WITH LIVING ROOM FURNITURE
.
SO IT'S TRULY ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT WAS STATED IF I CAN THAT
IT'S A 100 SQUARE FOOT HOUSE
THAT WE SAID ONE HUNDRED SQUARE
FEET ELEVEN HUNDRED THIRTY SIX.
YEAH.
SO REALLY IT'S JUST EXPANDING
SOME LIVING SPACE AND BEING
OUTDOORS WITHOUT THE BUGS AND
ALL THE SO FRUSTRATING MY WIFE
AND I HAVE IN OUR BASEMENT WE
HAVEN'T USED IT IN OVER A
DECADE BUT A LARGE ENCLOSED
SCREEN PORCH FM LLB THAT YOU
CAN SET UP AND AND PUT AWAY IN
THE WINTER AND IT KEEPS THE
MOSQUITOES AWAY BUT WE'VE HAD A
TREE THAT THE BRANCHES HAVE
GROWN LOW AND DIDN'T FIT.
MY WIFE LIKES THE BRANCH.
WHY WOULDN'T THEY SIMPLY DO
THAT?
I MEAN I REALIZE YOU WOULDN'T
EARN MONEY BUILDING IT.
IT'S A LOTTERY.
ISN'T THERE AN EASIER SOLUTION
WHICH IS YOU HAVE ONE OF THESE
ENCLOSED TENTS THAT YOU GET IT
R.I OR CABELAS.
YEAH YOU STICK IT UP THERE THE
SUN'S OFF YOU THE MOSQUITOES
ARE OUT AND YOU YOUR PATIO
FURNITURE YOU GET THE SAME
THING THAT THIS IS DOING FOR
MORE WELL YOU PUT YOURS AWAY
BUT THE PEOPLE THAT LEAVE THEY
WIND UP IN THE NEIGHBOR'S YARD
I MEAN SO AND THEY AREN'T
REALLY AS USABLE BECAUSE IT'S
DIRT BLOWING THROUGH YOU PUT
YOUR FURNITURE IN IT IT'S
CONSTANTLY AND THEY'RE CLEANING
IT UNDER SAYS A FLOOR ON IT SO
IT WOULDN'T BLOW AWAY.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
WELL I MEAN MANY OF THOSE ONES
YOU'RE LOOKING AT IT AT COSTCO
AND ALL THESE OTHER PLACES ARE
JUST BOLTED DOWN TO SOMETHING
HOPEFULLY THAT IT WON'T BLOW
AWAY.
BUT THIS IS JUST GIVING A MORE
LIVING SPACE.
>> OK, EVEN THOUGH THIS IS IN
ONE SENSE WE DID GET THE LETTER
FROM MISS GARLAND.
SHE HAS NO PROBLEM WITH IT.
I'M NOT I'M NOT SURPRISED BUT
THE ISSUE I HAVE IS JUST IT'S A
BIG CHUNK OF THE SETBACK.
IT'S 40 PERCENT OF 30 FEET AND
IT SEEMS TO ME THAT JUST AN
EASIER SOLUTION.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHY THE BILL
PERMANENT SUNROOM IS NECESSARY
AS OPPOSED TO ONE THESE PUT IT
UP FOR SIX MONTHS AND THEN PUT
IT IN THE BASEMENT FOR SIX
MONTHS AND BRING OUT WHEN THE
WEATHER IS MORE IF I WERE TO
PROMOTE THAT OBVIOUSLY AGAINST
WHAT I DO RIGHT.
AND WE BUILD MANY STRUCTURES
THEN I THINK IT'S IT'S REALLY
IT'S A JOY.
I'VE BEEN DOING THIS SINCE 1982
SO IT'S A JOY SEE WHEN WE'RE
DONE THAT PEOPLE JUST FEEL THEY
CAN WALK RIGHT IN AND ENJOY THE
FEEL IF IT'S RAINING I DON'T
CARE WHAT IT IS YOU HAVE A
SPACE TO ENJOY AND THAT'S OK.
THAT'S OK.
HERE WE ARE HERE AS WELL.
MAYBE THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
>> YEAH THERE'S ANOTHER
SOLUTION.
I THINK IT'S IT'S A TOTALLY
DIFFERENT SOLUTION BUT IT'S NOT
REALLY WHAT WE'RE PROMOTING
HERE OVER PROMOTING IS A BROOM
THAT AND I DON'T CARE IF IT'S
SNOWING RAINING YOU KNOW, KIND
OF LIKE THE MAILMAN NOW HE'S
GOING TO DELIVER THE MAIL BUT
YOU'RE NOT LIMITED ON YOUR
USAGE SO THAT YOU CAN ENJOY ALL
SEASONS AND YOU CAN ENJOY YOUR
YARD THE WAY YOU'D LIKE TO.
I REALIZE THE SIZE AGAIN IF I
WAS AN INTERIOR LIGHT WE
WOULDN'T BE HERE AND I
CERTAINLY WISH I WAS AT AN
INTERIOR LIGHT IN THIS
SITUATION BUT IT CAUGHT ME BY
SURPRISE BECAUSE I THOUGHT WE
HAD PLENTY OF ROOM SO.
>> OH MY PLEASURE.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
>> YEAH.
CHRISTIAN QUESTION WAS AND
ELONG EDITED VERSION FLOORPLAN
CONSIDERED SO JUST TO GO THE
LENGTH OF THE THE HOUSE AND YES
THE PRODUCTION I MEAN AND ASK
FOR A LESSER TO STAY BACK
EITHER WAY.
SO WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ME IS
INSTEAD OF GOING OUT SIX FEET
COULD IT BE DECREASED?
THAT WOULD BE A QUESTION I
COULD HAVE TO ASK MY CLIENT.
>> WAS THERE A PHOTO THAT WE
HAD IN THE PACKET THAT SHOWED
THAT FULL ELEVATION FOR THE S
IT JUST SHOWS PARTIAL UNLESS
THAT CORNER IS RIGHT THERE AND
WHEN YOU LOOK AT ME THE CORNER
GOES A LITTLE BIT PAST THE
GUTTER PESSAH DOWNSPOUT RATHER.
I WAS JUST CURIOUS IF THERE'S
SOMETHING THAT WOULD GET IN THE
WAY OF STRETCHING IT OUT THERE
WOULD STILL PROBABLY BE AT THE
REQUEST TO US.
>> I MEAN BUT IT SEEMS POSSIBLE
IF WE WERE JUST CURIOUS IF IT
WAS WE'D BE ASKING FOR TEN
FEET, YOU KNOW.
YEAH, BUT JUST WONDERING IF IT
HAD BEEN LOOKED AT AS AN
ALTERNATE.
>> YEAH.
I MEAN SO NARROW IN ALONG
SOMETIMES WE CONSIDER TO BE A
BOWLING ALLEY SOMETIMES
CONSIDER IT LIKE A BOWLING
ALLEY.
>> IT'S VERY NARROW IT'S JUST
SO YOU KNOW WE JUST TRY TO GIVE
THEM THE SPACE TO ENJOY AND NOT
HAVE TO TAKE A PIECE
OF FURNITURE HERE AND IT WILL
FIT IT WELL AND WHEN IT'S DONE
IT'S GORGEOUS.
>> YEAH THERE'S PLENTY
OF PORCHES.
I MEAN THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE VERY
THEY'RE NARROW.
I MEAN AGAIN IT WOULD BE LESS
OF A REQUEST TO JUST JUST AT
LEAST TEST THAT OPTION OUT
GIVEN IF ANY SANE CONDITIONS
DOES IT APPEAR THERE'S SOME I'M
NOT SURE WHAT THAT IS TO THE
LEFT BASEMENT WINDOW BUT YEAH,
IT'S BASEMENT WINDOW.
YEAH.
BUT TO THE LEFT OF IT THERE'S
SOME BOX OR SOMETHING THERE.
I'M NOT THAT IS A HOSE BOX IT
LOOKS LIKE HOLDING THE HOSE YOU
KNOW WHEN YOU LOOK AT WHERE I
UNDERSTAND YOUR PERCENTAGES AND
ALL THAT BUT WHEN YOU LOOK AT
WHERE THIS STOPS AND WHERE THE
NEIGHBORING HOUSE IS IT'S IT'S
I MEAN I CAN'T USE THEIR LOT
AND YOU KNOW BUT I'M JUST
SAYING IT'S AT LEAST 30 FEET
FROM ANY NEIGHBOR THE ONLY
NEIGHBOR THAT WILL BE AFFECTED
.
SO YOU KNOW, WITH A 100 SQUARE
FOOT HOUSE, I DON'T THINK IT'S
HARD TO UNDERSTAND THAT WE NEED
A LITTLE MORE SPACE.
YOU KNOW, CAN YOU GO BACK TO
THE FLOOR PLAN AGAIN, PLEASE?
SO THE ACCESS IS ONLY FROM THE
OUTSIDE FROM THE IVY SIDE IS
WHERE THEY'LL HAVE THIS AND
IT'S NOT YOU'RE NOT EXPANDING
OR THE OWNERS AREN'T EXPANDING
THE EXISTING WINDOW OPENING TO
BE A MAN DOOR.
>> OH NO WE ARE NOT ON THE IT
WOULD BE THE NEW FRENCH FIRST
WINDOW OFF THE CORNER.
OH I SEE THAT.
I DON'T KNOW YET IF THAT'S
GOING TO BE TURNED INTO A DOOR.
OK
, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER.
RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THERE'S ANYONE ELSE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS.
PLEASE COME FORWARD NOW IF
THERE'S ANYONE ACCESSING THE
THE MEETING REMOTELY PLEASE
PRESS STAR NINE TO RAISE YOUR
HAND OR USE THE RIGHT HAND
BUTTON IF ACCESSING VIA A
WEBLINK
I WILL NOTE BRIEFLY
THAT WE DID RECEIVE ONE LETTER
OF SUPPORT FOR THIS PETITION
FROM THERESA GARLAND AT ONE
NINE THREE ZERO HAMPTON COURT.
MR. WHERE THERE ARE NO ALL
RIGHT.
>> THANK YOU WITH THAT THE
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION DHARMA SO I
THINK IT FINALLY CLICKED TO ME
BY THE DIMENSIONS ARE SORT
OF FUNKY.
SO THEY WERE THINKING OF THIS
AS THEIR SIDE YARD BECAUSE THE
DOOR IS ON IS NOT LIKE ON THE
REVERSE SIDE OF WHERE THEY PLAN
TO PUT THIS SUNROOM BECAUSE
OF THE WAY THAT WE HAVE TO
MEASURE FROM THE CORNER LOT.
IT'S THE BACK AND THE BACK YARD
SETBACKS PLAY.
SO I DO UNDERSTAND THIS IS A
UNIQUE SITUATION JUST TO SPEAK
TO, YOU KNOW, THE QUESTIONS
THAT WERE ASKED REGARDING COULD
THIS BE SMALLER AND YOU KNOW,
ONE OF THE CRITERIA THAT WE
HAVE TO LOOK AT IS THE MINIMUM
VARIANCE THAT WILL MAKE A
POSSIBLE REASONABLE USE OF OR
STRUCTURE SO JUST TO KIND
OF PUT A POINT ON THAT BUT
YEAH, I COULD SEE HOW THIS
UNIQUE ISSUE BASED ON THE LAND
LIKE SO I UNDERSTAND WHY
SOMEONE WOULD WANT TO DO THIS
WOULD BE A NICE ADDITION TO A
HOME.
THEY HAVE A SUN ROOM BUT I'M
TRYING NOT TO THINK ABOUT IT.
I'M TRYING TO THINK ABOUT IT AS
IF IT WAS JUST BRICK RIGHT.
LIKE IF THIS GETS APPROVED THEN
THEY CAN TEAR THIS DOWN AND
JUST EXTEND THE HOUSE OR MAYBE
NOT THEN BUT THE NEXT OWNERS
THAT MAKING IT A SUN ROOM
FOREVER.
SO IF THE IDEA IS USING YOUR
OUTSIDE NATURAL LIGHT A LOT
OF TODD'S COMMENTS REALLY
RESONATED WITH ME WHETHER IT
WOULDN'T BE AS USEFUL IN THE
MIDDLE OF WINTER BUT THERE'S
WAYS TO GET USE OF THE SPACE
FOR THOSE THINGS FOR A GOOD
CHUNK OF THE YEAR THAT ISN'T
ASKING FOR A VARIANCE.
THEY COULD THEN JUST AGAIN GIVE
THAT OPTION TO JUST EXTEND THE
HOUSE AND ADD A REGULAR NON
SUNROOM ROOM.
THAT'S WHERE I'M REALLY
STRUGGLING ON IT.
SO I HAVEN'T MADE UP MY MIND
WHEN I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR IF
OTHERS HAVE THOUGHTS EITHER WAY
GREAT.
>> YEAH, I THINK I AGREE WITH
DHARMA THAT IT SEEMS KIND
OF COUNTERINTUITIVE LIKE THAT
LOOKS LIKE THIS SHOULD BE THE
SIDE YARD WHEN YOU LOOK AT KIND
OF HOW THE HOUSES IS LAID OUT
UM AND JUST AS LIKE A GENERAL
THING WITH STAFF THAT I KNOW WE
KIND OF GO OVER WHAT ARE SOME
THINGS THAT WE SEE REALLY
FREQUENTLY AND I FEEL LIKE WE
SEE A LOT OF THESE CORNER LOT
SITUATIONS AND I KNOW THAT
THERE ARE PLENTY OF COMMUNITIES
THAT WELL YOU HAVE TWO FRONT
YARDS.
>> YOU ALSO HAVE TWO SIDE YARDS
INSTEAD OF HAVING LIKE A LARGER
REAR YARD SET BACKS.
I JUST WANT TO PUT THAT OUT
THERE THAT MAYBE THAT WOULD YOU
KNOW, CHANGING THINGS IN THAT
WAY MIGHT REDUCE THE AMOUNT
OF VARIANCE REQUESTS FOR THESE
KIND OF SHOTS THAT WE SEE SO
THAT'S JUST A GENERAL THOUGHT,
CHRIS.
WE SAW A VERY SIMILAR
APPLICATION OF THIS THE LAST
MONTH OR THE MEETING
BEFORE
WHERE I VERY, VERY PASSIONATELY
ARGUED FOR IT.
IT WAS A HOME THAT WANTED A
GARAGE.
YEAH, AND IT WAS A LOT VERY
SIMILAR TO THIS AND AT THE TIME
I SUPPORTED THAT ONE BECAUSE I
FELT THE GRADE CHANGE WHERE
THEY WANTED WHERE THEY DIDN'T
WANT TO PUT IT WAS SUFFICIENT
ENOUGH TO WARRANT A HARDSHIP.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT THE HARDSHIP
IS ON THIS ONE.
I'M NOT GOING TO GO AT IT AS
HARD AS THE LAST ONE I THINK I
MEAN MY POINT THERE BUT
ESSENTIALLY WHAT I SEE AS A
CONFORMING LOT AND A HOUSE THAT
CONFORMS TO IT AND A HOUSE THAT
IS SIGNIFICANTLY BIGGER THAN
THE HOUSE NEXT DOOR ARE VERY
SIMILAR TO WHAT I DON'T THINK
THAT THIS IS AN ISSUE OF AN
INTERIOR VERSUS EXTERIOR A LOT.
I THINK IT IS A HOUSE THAT WAS
BUILT AT THE TIME TO A MAXIMUM
OR CLOSE TO IT.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE STANDARDS
WERE BACK THEN BUT IT'S BIGGER
THAN THE ONE NEXT DOOR.
RIGHT.
AND I DON'T WANT A FOUR SEASONS
ROOM IN THAT REGARD IS A BAD
IDEA.
RIGHT.
AND I DON'T THINK THAT THE
NEIGHBORS ARE OPPOSED TO IT
BECAUSE I DON'T THINK THAT IS
AN IMPOSITION ON THEM.
I DON'T THINK IT CREATES ANY
ISSUES FOR THEM.
BUT I WILL SAY THAT I THINK IT
WOULD BE REALLY INCONSISTENT
FOR US TO SAY NO TO THAT GARAGE
WHERE THE LOT ACTUALLY HAD
ISSUES IN ELEVATION CHANGE IN
THIS ONE WHERE WE HAVE A
CONFORMING HAVE A HOUSE THAT
GENERALLY CONFORMS AND THEY
JUST ASK THEY DON'T LIKE THE
RULES AND I GET IT THERE ARE
MANY RULES I DON'T LIKE BUT
THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT I HAVE
AN ACTUAL HARDSHIP THAT IS
ALLOWS ME EXTRA RIGHTS THAT MY
NEIGHBORS EVEN QUARTER
NEIGHBORS OR INTERIOR NEIGHBORS
DON'T HAVE.
SO YOU KNOW, I'M GOING TO VOTE
NO ON THIS BECAUSE I THINK THAT
GENERALLY THE HOUSE TOOK OUT
THE HOUSE DIDN'T HAVE TO BE
BUILT LIKE THIS.
RIGHT.
IT DIDN'T HAVE TO BE AS
EXTENDED AS IT COULD THE ONE
NEXT DOOR AND A VERY SIMILAR
LOT OTHER THAN THE INTERIOR
SIDE OF IT.
IT'S JUST MUCH SMALLER AND
THESE LOTS ARE INTENDED TO HAVE
SMALLER HOMES RIGHT.
I UNDERSTAND WHY YOU WOULD WANT
A BIGGER HOME BUT I JUST DON'T
THINK THIS IS A LOT FOR IT.
SO I'M GOING TO VOTE NO BUT I'M
ASSUMING THE PROPERTY IS
EXCEPTIONAL IN ONE SENSE EVERY
PIECE OF REAL ESTATE IS UNIQUE
AND I UNDERSTAND THE PLACEMENT
OF THE DOOR.
ON THE OTHER HAND, THERE ARE
MANY CORNER LOTS IN THE CITY SO
SO IGNORING THAT FIRST VERIFIED
CRITERIA, I STILL THINK THERE
ARE SOME OTHER PROBLEMS.
THE PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY
CRITERION NUMBER TWO ISN'T THAT
GREAT AVOIDING MOSQUITOES.
THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO DO IT
AND I UNDERSTAND IT WOULD BE A
NICER USE BUT I DON'T SEE THIS
REALLY AS A PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY AND NUMBER FIVE, THE
VARIANCE SHOULD BE THE MINIMUM
REQUIRES A REASONABLE NICE USE
OF THE PROPERTY.
I DON'T THINK THAT IS LEFT HERE
AND IN GENERAL I HAVE A PROBLEM
WHERE THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO
GET WHAT AN APPLICANT WANTS
WITHOUT NEEDING A VARIANCE.
IF YOU COULD AVOID COMING
BEFORE THE ZIEBA, YOU CAN TAKE
CARE OF THE PROBLEM YOURSELF
AND YOU DON'T NEED OUR
INTERVENTION.
SO I THINK OF THE FIVE CRITERIA
THERE ARE A NUMBER THAT ARE NOT
MET AND A LITTLE PART OF ME
FEELS LIKE A CURMUDGEON.
THIS REALLY IS AN IMPOSITION ON
ANY NEIGHBOR.
THE QUESTION IS DO WE UPHOLD A
RULE LIKE THIS WHEN YOU THEY
SIMPLY DON'T MEET OUR CRITERIA
?
I THINK I'M GOING TO HAVE TO
VOTE NO ON THIS EVEN THOUGH I
FEEL A LITTLE BAD ABOUT DOING
THAT.
BUT I WOULD JUST SUGGEST TO YOU
TO THE APPLICANTS
REPRESENTATIVE WHO IS VERY
ARTICULATE YOU DON'T WANT TO
HEAR THIS BUT THE LLB INTENT
THEY MAY STILL MAKE IT IT'S A
GOOD OPTION MAYBE KABBALIST BUT
I'M SORRY.
ALL RIGHT.
I THINK I'M GOING TO VOTE NO ON
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION.
WE'RE READY FOR A MOTION.
>> I THANK YOU, CHRIS.
I THINK WE'RE RIGHT JUST TO
MAKE SURE THAT OK, SO THIS IS
FOR QUBA TWENTY FOUR D'ASTIER
ZERO TWO NINETEEN SIXTY EIGHT
WE WOULD DRIVE BASED FOLLOWING
FINDINGS AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A 12
FOOT ONE INCH VARIANCE FROM
TABLE FIFTY FIVE TABLE FIVE
POINT ONE SEVEN DASH ONE SINGLE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL ZONING
DISTRICTS.
THE REQUIRED REVIEW ARE SET
BACK AS THIRTY FEET.
THE VARIANCE ALLOWS FOR A
SEVENTEEN POINT NINE FOOT YARD
STEP BACK AND A NEW ENCLOSED
SUNROOM TO BE BUILT.
>> THE SUNROOM IS TO BE BUILT
PER SUBMITTED PLANS A MOTION TO
SUPPORT SUPPORT THE THANK YOU
CHRISTINA.
WE'LL GIVE YOU THE NEXT TUD NO
CHRIS NO GRACE NO.
I ALSO VOTE NO DARMA NO SIDERIS
NO MIKE NO CHRISTINA NO.
THE REQUEST IS DENIED MOVING ON
TO PETITION ZIBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO FIVE EIGHT
OH FIVE 3RD STREET JOHN MARTIN
CLARK REPRESENTING THE PROPERTY
OWNER IS REQUESTING RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO NONCONFORMING
STRUCTURE TO ALLOW AN
ALTERATION TO A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE.
THE OWNERS ARE PROPOSING AN
APPROXIMATE FOUR HUNDRED AND
SIXTY SQUARE FOOT ONE STOREY
EDITION WITH A WALKOUT BASEMENT
BELOW TO THE REAR OF THE
EXISTING HOME.
THE ADDITION WILL MAINTAIN THE
SAME FIVE POINT TWO FOOT SIDE
YARD SETBACK THE PROPERTY ZONED
R FOR B MULTIPLE FAMILY
DWELLING DISTRICT AND HAS A 12
FOOT REQUIRED SIDE YARD SETBACK
THAT THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS
LOCATED ON THE EAST SIDE
OF THIRD STREET SOUTH OF COKE
AVENUE AND NORTH OF WEST DAVIS
AVENUE.
THE HOME WAS CONSTRUCTED IN
NINETEEN THIRTY THREE AND IS
APPROXIMATELY ONE THOUSAND ONE
HUNDRED AND TWENTY FOUR SQUARE
FEET IN SIZE.
THE OWNERS PLAN ON REMOVING THE
EXISTING REAR DECK AND
REPLACING WITH THE SINGLE STORY
ADDITION WITH A WALK OUT
BASEMENT AND FOUR SKYLIGHTS THE
FLOOR PLAN OF THE ADDITIONS
WILL ALLOW FOR A NEW BEDROOM
BATHROOM CLOSET MUDROOM AN
EXTENSION TO THE EXISTING
KITCHEN.
THE BASEMENT AREA WILL CONTAIN
A FAMILY ROOM, A BATHROOM, A
HALLWAY AND A KITCHENETTE.
THE PLANS RECEIVED APPROVAL
FROM THE HISTORIC DISTRICT
COMMISSION ON FEBRUARY 8TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR IF YOU'LL
MOVE YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
MONITORS PLEASE YOU'LL SEE THAT
THE FIRST SLIDE SHOWS THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN
BLUE ON THE EAST SIDE OF THIRD
STREET AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS
THE SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS A ZOOMED IN
AERIAL PHOTO OF THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY.
YOU CAN SEE KIND OF THE THE
DECK AT THE NORTHEAST CORNER
OF THE HOME AND THIS IS WHERE
THE ADDITIONS BEING PROPOSED.
THIS IS THE SURVEY THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION.
IT'S A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO SEE
BUT IT'S GOT THE PROPOSED
ADDITION SUPERIMPOSED THERE AND
YOU CAN SEE WHERE IT SAYS
PROPOSED ADDITIONS WITH AN
ARROW CAN ALSO SEE IT IN YOUR
PACKETS MAYBE A LITTLE BIT
BETTER.
AND THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SITE
PLAN THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH
THE APPLICANT BY THE APPLICANT
.
YOU CAN SEE THE DARK DARKENED
AREA SHOWS THE PROPOSED
ADDITION AT THE TOP.
>> NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING FLOOR PLANS AND THE
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
IMPROVEMENTS THAT I TALKED
ABOUT ON THE LEFT SIDE YOU'VE
GOT THE MAIN LEVEL.
YOU SEE THE NEW EN SUITE AND
THE KITCHEN EXTENSION AND A
MUDROOM AND THEN THE RIGHT HAND
SIDE IS THE BASEMENT LEVEL WITH
THE FAMILY ROOM AND A
KITCHENETTE AND A AND A FULL
BATH AND I BELIEVE THAT'S ALSO
A MECHANICAL ROOM.
>> NEXT SLIDE IS THE ROOF PLAN
OF THE PROPOSED ADDITION.
YOU SEE THE FOUR SKYLIGHTS THAT
WERE MENTIONED EARLIER AND
THESE ARE THE ELEVATIONS OF THE
PROPOSED ADDITION.
>> THIS IS LOOKING AT IT FROM
THE SOUTH AND THIS IS LOOKING
AT IT FROM THE NORTH ON THE
OPPOSITE SIDE AND THE EAST AND
WEST PROPOSED ELEVATIONS THESE
THE PHOTOS THAT I TOOK OF THE
PROPERTY WHEN I MADE MY SITE
VISIT AND YOU SEE THE FRONT
OF THE HOME LOOKING AT THE
DRIVEWAY AND THE EXISTING I
THINK THAT'S A ONE CAR GARAGE.
THIS IS LOOKING ON THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE PROPERTY LINE AND
IN RELATIONSHIP TO THE
NEIGHBORS.
THE NORTH LOOKING DOWN THE SIDE
SIDE OF THE PROPERTY, THE SIDE
OF THE EXISTING HOME.
THIS IS LOOKING TO THE SOUTH
SOUTH SIDE.
THE NEIGHBORS IN THE SOUTH AND
THE DRIVEWAY IN THAT SMALL
STRUCTURE AND THE END OF THE
DRIVEWAY.
SO A DIFFERENT VIEW OF THE HOME
AND THE DRIVEWAY.
THIS IS LOOKING AT THE BACK
OF THE PROPERTY, THE BACK
OF THE HOUSE, THE REAR FACADE
IF YOU WILL.
>> THIS IS LOOKING'S FROM THE
DECK DOWN TO THE BACK OF THE
YARD
AND THIS IS JUST LOOKING
UP THE HILL AND BACK TO THE
BACK OF THE HOUSE.
SOME MORE PHOTOS STANDING FROM
THE DECK LOOKING DIRECTLY AT
THE BACK OF THE HOUSE, LOOKING
AT THE NEIGHBORS ON THE NORTH
SIDE DOWN THE SIDE YARD.
THIS IS THE EXISTING DECK
THAT'S TO BE REMOVED THAT
PORTION AND THAT LOOKING RIGHT
TO MY LEFT IS THE BACK OF THE
HOUSE AND THEN YOU SEE LOOKING
OUT TOWARDS THE NEIGHBORS, THE
BACKYARD THAT'S THE END OF MY
PRESENTATION.
>> I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS
THAT YOU HAVE AT THIS TIME.
>> THANKS, JIM.
ANY QUESTIONS TO THE WHAT'S
YOUR NAME
?
THAT'S THAT'S WHAT DO YOU WANT
THE EXISTING THE PROPOSED IF
YOU LIKE.
I JUST WANT
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS
FOR JOHN.
>> ALL RIGHT.
IT'S THE PETITIONER IS HERE YOU
CAN COME FORWARD AND MAKE YOUR
PRESENTATION OR IF YOU'RE
ACCESSING REMOTELY
NO ONE FROM
THE AUDIENCE IS HERE TO SPEAK.
OK, WE HAVE A ADAM WILBANKS.
ADAM, IF YOU'RE THERE YOU CAN
YOU CAN SPEAK ON THIS PETITION.
>> YEAH.
CAN YOU GUYS HEAR ME?
ALL RIGHT.
YEAH, YEAH.
YES WE CAN.
SO WE NEED A LITTLE LATE.
I AM A DESIGNER WITH JENNIFER.
I LOVE SPEAKING.
YOU KNOW FOR THE HOMEOWNER TO
ME SO JOHN HIT ON A LOT OF THE
KEY INFORMATION I WOULD SAY SO
HERE HE MENTIONED THAT WE GOT
TO HISTORIC DISTRICT APPROVAL
EARLIER IN FEBRUARY.
THE FACT THAT THIS IS A
HISTORIC PROPERTY WHERE WE WERE
NOT ALLOWED TO BUILD AN
ADDITION NECESSITATED GOING
BACKWARDS INTO THE REAR YARD AS
WE HAVE THE LOCK IS
EXCEPTIONALLY NARROW AND HAS AN
EXISTING HISTORIC GARAGE WHICH
WE COULD NOT MODIFY AGAIN SORT
OF CREATING THIS NARROW DEEP
SHADE THAT WE'RE PROPOSING IN
TERMS OF LOOKING AT THE SORT
OF ZONING CODE THIS HOUSE AS
JOHN MENTIONED, WAS BUILT IN
THE EARLY THIRTIES AND
DEFINITELY PREDATES I THINK THE
MULTIFAMILY ZONING THAT WAS
SORT OF APPLIED TO IT AND ITS
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES.
YOU CAN SEE THAT THE ORIGINAL
HOUSE, THE NINETEEN THIRTY
THREE HOUSE, HALF OF WHICH IS
WOULD NOT BE NONCONFORMING PER
THE CURRENT MULTIFAMILY SET
BACK SO ARE SORT OF I GUESS
REQUESTS TO YOU AS A BOARD IS
YOU KNOW, OUR GOAL IS TO STAY
ON THE NORTH SIDE WOULD BE NO
FURTHER, YOU KNOW, TOWARDS A
BOUNDARY THAN THE CURRENT HOUSE
ALREADY IS AND WE'RE TRYING TO
BE RESPECTFUL IN TERMS OF YOU
KNOW, OBVIOUSLY STAYING AS FAR
OFF THE NORTH BOUNDARY AS
POSSIBLE WHILE ALSO STILL
MAINTAINING A REASONABLE ACCESS
BETWEEN THE EXISTING BRIDGE AND
THE PROPOSED ADDITIONS.
AND THEN I WOULD ALSO SAY IN
TERMS OF SIGHTLINES, YOU KNOW,
BECAUSE WE'RE NOT COMING ANY
FARTHER NORTH WITH THIS NEW
STRUCTURE, I DON'T THINK
THERE'S REALLY NO VISIBILITY
FROM THIRD STREET AND EVEN FROM
ON ON THE SOUTH SIDE, THE
GARAGE SHIELDS THE BULK OF THE
STRUCTURE AND THEN ON THE NORTH
SIDE WE'VE GOT A FAIRLY HEAVILY
THERE'S SEVERAL LARGE TREES AS
WELL AS A FENCE LINE WITH QUITE
A BIT OF BRUSH THAT WOULD YOU
KNOW, I DON'T THINK THERE WOULD
BE ANY REAL NEGATIVE IMPACT
VISUALLY TO THE NEIGHBORS TO
EITHER TO THE SOUTH OR SORRY TO
THE NORTH OR SOUTH.
>> RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
>> ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
ALL RIGHT.
SEEING NONE IF THERE'S ANYONE
FROM THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION, NOW'S
YOUR CHANCE.
IF ANYONE IS HERE IN PERSON YOU
CAN COME UP TO THE MICROPHONE.
OTHERWISE IF YOU'RE ACCESSING
THE MEETING REMOTELY, PLEASE
PRESS STAR NINE OR USE THE
RAISED HAND BUTTON ON THE
WEBLINK.
>> I'M NOT SEEING ANY CALLERS
AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU JAN.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE'RE IN DISCUSSION
.
I DIDN'T SEE ANY COMMUNICATION
IN OUR PACKET.
I DON'T THINK THERE WAS ANY FOR
THIS ONE.
>> OK, GRACE, I JUST WANTED TO
SAY I SUPPORT THIS AND I'M JUST
GOING TO BE ANNOYING TO JOHN
AGAIN.
THIS IS ANOTHER THING THAT I
THINK THAT WE COULD EASILY
REDUCE THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE
THAT HAVE TO COME HERE IF
PEOPLE ARE NOT INCREASING THE
NONCONFORMITY OF AN EXISTING
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE.
>> I THINK THAT THAT SHOULD SO
EASILY BE AND ADMINISTRATIVELY
APPROVED THING.
>> UM, I AGREE 100 PERCENT.
I JUST WANT TO PUT THAT OUT
THERE INTO THE UNIVERSE BECAUSE
IF YOU COULD IF YOU COULD
NOTIFY THAT TO MY BOSS, I WILL
I HAVE MYSELF SO WELL I JUST
THINK WE SEE A LOT OF THESE IN
ALMOST EVERY SINGLE TIME.
THERE'S LITTLE TO NO DISCUSSION
.
EVERYONE IS LIKE IS THIS VERY
CLEARLY MEETS THE STANDARDS?
IT'S NOT OBTRUSIVE IN ANY WAY.
I HAVE YET TO SEE A SINGLE TIME
THAT WE'VE HAD ANYTHING
NEGATIVE TO SAY ABOUT ONE
OF THESE CASES.
>> SO I JUST WANTED TO PUT THAT
OUT THERE OCCASIONALLY WE'LL
GET SOME FEEDBACK FROM OUR
NEIGHBOR BUT YOU KNOW, IT JUST
IT GIVES THE OPPORTUNITY TO
SURROUNDING PROPERTY OWNERS TO
VOICE THEIR CONCERNS IF THERE
ARE ANY DUE TO THE FACT THAT
THE SET BACKS ARE TWELVE FEET
FOR THE DISTRICT AND THEY'RE
PROPOSING TO BUILD AN
ADDITIONAL HOME THAT'S ONLY A
LITTLE OVER FIVE.
SO IF SOMEBODY YOU KNOW IN THE
AREA YOU HAD SOME CONCERNS THAT
THEY WOULD HAVE THAT ABILITY TO
SPEAK AT A PUBLIC HEARING.
SO THAT'S THE THAT'S THE ANSWER
I'VE RECEIVED IN THE PAST.
>> GIVE PEOPLE AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT AS WELL.
>> DHARMA, YOU GO YOU CAN GO.
IS THE UDC LIKE IS AN
ORDINANCE?
YES.
OK, THANK YOU.
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO SO NOT THAT JOHN HAS
IT MEMORIZED TO THE COUNCIL
MEMBER FOR MY WARD FOR A SINGLE
ISSUE VOTER SECURITAS RID
OF THIS SECTION AND THE ONE
WE'RE NOT CONFIRMING LOTS BUT
CONFERRING BUILDINGS HAVE TO
COME BEFORE US SO I WILL BE
SHOWING UP AT THE MASTER PLAN
WORKSHOPS TO MAKE SENSE
OF COMPREHENSIVE PLAN.
EXCUSE ME THOUGH I THINK
ENABLING ACT PROBABLY USE THEM
INTERCHANGEABLY SO WATCH OUT
BECAUSE I HAVE A VERY STRONG
SINGLE ISSUE VOTER ON THIS
SPECIFIC ONE THAT I'M JUST LIKE
YOU KNOW THEY PASSED THE
HISTORIC DISTRICT COMMISSION
WHICH IS CAN BE VERY DIFFICULT
SO YOU KNOW THAT MAKES MY JOB
EVEN EASIER.
ANOTHER DISCUSSION WE READY FOR
A MOTION.
I CAN DO THE MOTION AGAIN.
THANK YOU, CHRIS.
I THINK IT'S ONLY APPROPRIATE
BECAUSE DAVID SPIRITS ARE THE
SAME COLOR SO OK SO FOR ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR D'ASTIER ZERO FIVE
EIGHT OH FIVE THIRD STREET THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE
POINT THREE TO POINT TO
ALTERATION TO A NONCONFORMING
STRUCTURE TO ALLOW CONSTRUCTION
OF AN APPROXIMATE FOUR HUNDRED
AND SIXTY SQUARE FOOT ONE
STOREY ADDITION WITH A WALK OUT
BASEMENT BELOW THE REAR OF THE
EXISTING HOME.
THE ADDITION WILL MAINTAIN THE
SAME FIVE POINT TWO FOOT SIDE
YARD BACK AS THE EXISTING
STRUCTURE.
THE ADDITION IS TO BE PER THE
SUBMITTED PLANS.
>> THANK YOU CHRIS.
WE HAVE A MOTION OF SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU GRACE DARMA.
YES, CYDIA YES MIKE.
>> YES.
>> CHRISTINA YES.
TODD YES CHRIS.
>> YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED.
>> MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR TO ZERO ZERO ZERO
FOUR ONE ONE TWO FIVE FAIR OAKS
PARKWAY JOHN ONE SEGMENT WILL
YOU COME FROM THE POWERPOINT
?
ALL RIGHT.
TIMOTHY RISK REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY OWNER IS REQUESTING
RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE POINT
THIRTY TWO POINT TWO
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
ALLOW AN ALTERATION TO A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE.
THE OWNERS ARE PROPOSING AN
APPROXIMATE TWO HUNDRED AND TEN
SQUARE FOOT SCREEN PORCH
EDITION TO THE SIDE OF THE
EXISTING NONCONFORMING
RESIDENCE.
THE ADDITIONAL WILL NOT
ENCROACH FURTHER INTO THE
REQUIRED REAR YARD SETBACK.
THE PROPERTY IS OWNED OUR ONE B
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND
HAS 40 FOOT REQUIRED REAR YARD
SETBACK.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
NEAR THE INTERSECTION OF FAIR
OAKS PARKWAY AND NORWAY ROAD IN
THE BERN'S PARK NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE HOME WAS CONSTRUCTED
IN
1916 AND IS APPROXIMATELY TWO
THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED NINETY
TWO SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE OWNERS PLAN ON REMOVING THE
EXISTING BRICK PATIO AND
WALKWAY FROM THE SIDEWALK TO
THE NORTH SIDE OF THE HOME.
THE NEW SCREEN PORCH WILL
CONNECT TO THE HOME IN THREE
SEPARATE AREAS THAT LAUNDRY
ROOM A HALLWAY IN THE OFFICE,
THE SCREEN OR THE GREEN ROOM
WILL BE UNCONDITIONED SPACE IF
TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
MONITORS YOU SEE THE FIRST
SLIDE DEPICTING THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY IN BLUE IN THE MIDDLE
OF YOUR SCREEN THERE JUST NEAR
THE FAIR OAKS AND NORWAY ROAD.
>> NEXT SLIDE SHOWS SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
SHOWS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL
PHOTO AND FROM THIS SIDE YOU
CAN SEE WITH THAT FORCE
REQUIRED 40 FOOT REAR YARD SET
BACK.
YOU CAN SEE THE EXISTING HOME
HOW IT'S POSITIONED IT DOESN'T
MEET THAT IT'S VERY CLOSE TO
THAT REAR FLAT LINE AND THEY'RE
WANTING TO AND IN THIS PICTURE
IT'S THE TOP OR THE NORTH SIDE
OF THIS PICTURE TO PUT THIS
SCREEN PATTY ON THAT SIDE
OF THE HOME.
THIS IS THE SURVEY THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
AND YOU CAN SEE THE
RELATIONSHIP TO THAT PROPERTY
LINE ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE OR
WE'LL JUST CALL THE EAST SIDE
AND THEN YOU SEE THE HOW THE
SURVEYORS SUPERIMPOSED THE
SETBACKS ONTO THE PROPERTY AND
WHERE THE HOME IS IN
RELATIONSHIP TO THOSE SETBACKS
.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
DEMOLITION PLAN EVERYTHING IN
RED THERE IS PRETTY MUCH
SIDEWALK OR BRICK PAVERS AND
IT'S GOING TO BE REMOVED TO
MAKE WAY FOR THIS NEW SUNROOM.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE SCREEN
SUNROOM SCREEN PORCH THE THE
FOOTPRINT FOUNDATION OF THE
STRUCTURE AND ITS RELATIONSHIP
TO WHERE IT'S GOING BE BUILT ON
THE SIDE OF THIS HOME AND THE
ROOF PLAN AND THESE ARE JUST
SOME ELEVATIONS THE WEST NORTH
AND EAST ELEVATIONS OF THE
PROPOSED SCREEN ROOM, THE ONE
IN THE CENTER REALLY GIVES YOU
A GOOD LOOK.
I SEE THE WINDOWS AND THE ROOF
HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE HOME
THEY'RE THESE ARE MY PHOTOS
THAT I TOOK AND MY VISIT THE
PROPERTY, YOU KNOW, CAN YOU GET
OUT OF YOUR VEHICLE JUST
NOTICING THE ABSOLUTELY.
>> DID YOU PATCH IT UP?
I HAD MY DOGS WITH ME SO THEY
WERE I THINK THEY WERE ALL A
LITTLE CURIOUS MAYBE AND HE WAS
THIS DOG WAS CURIOUS OF ME BUT
I DID GET OUT OF THE VEHICLE
AND I HAD A CONVERSATION WITH
THE HOMEOWNER IF ANYONE WANTS
TO KNOW AND THIS IS THE AREA
WHERE THE BRICK PAPERS ARE
LEADING TO THAT SIDE OF THE AND
YOU CAN SEE THIS IS WHERE THE
PROPOSED PAVERS ARE GOING TO BE
DEMOLISHED AND WHERE THE
SUNROOM IS GOING TO IS PROPOSED
TO BE CONNECTED INTO THIS SIDE
OF THIS HOME MORE THE SAME
OF THE AREA AND YOU SEE THE
RELATIONSHIP TO THE CORNER
OF THE HOUSE TO THIS LINE WILL
SAY THE RETAINING WALL AND THE
FENCE MEET ITS RELATIONSHIP.
OBVIOUSLY THE HOUSE DOES NOT
MEET THAT 40 FOOT STEP BACK.
YOU CAN SEE THE ABUTTING HOMES
AND THE AND THE BACKGROUND AND
I TOOK A PHOTO OF THAT CLOSE TO
SOMEBODY'S HOME.
YOU DO SEE SOME VEGETATION, A
GOOD VEGETATED BUFFER BETWEEN
THE TWO HOMES.
THIS IS LOOKING WHERE THE
PAPERS OUT TOWARDS FAIR OAKS
PARKWAY UP THE STREET.
THAT'S A GOOD SHOT OF THE
STRAIGHT OUT THE ELEVATION
OF THE FACADE SIDE WHERE THE
SCREENED ROOM WILL BE JUST A
DIFFERENT LITTLE ANGLE AND THAT
WRAPS UP MY PRESENTATION.
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE THIS TIME.
>> THANK YOU, JOHN.
CHRIS, ON A SCALE OF ONE TO
TEN, HOW GOOD OF A BOY DO YOU
THINK THAT CHRIS?
I'M GOING TO IGNORE THAT.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
FAIR ENOUGH.
IT LOOKS LIKE A VERY GOOD
QUESTION FOR CHEN.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONERS HERE YOU MAY
COME FORWARD PLEASE STATE YOUR
NAME SIGN IN.
YOU'LL HAVE FIVE MINUTES
TO
PREPARED THE DRAWINGS.
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE LOTS WHERE
IF YOU WERE TO BUILD A NEW HOME
HERE YOU'D BE SUBJECT TO THESE
SETBACKS IN A VERY LONG NARROW
,ALMOST UNBUILDABLE SPACE.
THE MAJORITY OF THIS HOUSE IS
IN THE REAR YARD AND IF YOU
LOOK AT THE AERIAL VIEW YOU CAN
SEE THAT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE
IS IN LINE WITH THE NEIGHBORING
PROPERTIES.
IN FACT, THIS WHOLE STREET MOST
OF THE HOUSES ARE SET QUITE FAR
BACK FROM THE STREET WHICH IS
REALLY PART OF THE CHARACTER
OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD AND ALSO IF
WE DO HAVE ANY BUILDABLE AREAS
OUTSIDE WITHIN THE CONFORMING
OR WITHIN THE BUILDABLE SET
SETBACK AREA, WE'D BASICALLY BE
LIMITED TO ADDING TO THE FRONT
WHICH I THINK WOULD TAKE AWAY
FROM THE CHARACTER OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD THE HOUSES ON
EITHER SIDE OR TO THE SOUTH
WHICH IS WHERE THE DRIVEWAY IS.
SO WE REALLY CAN'T BUILD
ANYTHING THERE.
SO THAT'S THE HARDSHIP THE
ACTUAL FOOTPRINT OF THE HOUSE
THAT THE TOTAL SQUARE FOOTAGE
IS THREE THOUSAND ALMOST THREE
THOUSAND SQUARE FEET.
THE FOOTPRINT IS SIX HUNDRED
SQUARE FEET ON THE LOT AND
WE'RE ASKING FOR 210 SQUARE
FEET ADDITION
.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
>> RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, PLEASE COME
FORWARD NOW OR IF YOU'RE
ACCESSING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
STAR NINE TO RAISE YOUR HAND OR
USE THE RAISED HAND FUNCTION
OF ACCESSING VIA THE WEBLINK.
I WILL NOTE WE DID RECEIVE SOME
LETTERS OF SUPPORT ONE FROM
MARJORIE AND BARRY CHECK AWAY
ONE NINE TWO ZERO NORWAY ROAD
ONE FROM JILL AND BRIAN FROM
HOOVER AT ONE ONE THREE SEVEN
FAIR OAKS PARKWAY AND ONE FROM
CARROLL MALL AT ONE ONE ONE ONE
FAIR OAKS PARKWAY
I NO ONE'S
RAISING THEIR HAND RIGHT NOW.
I DO SEE ADAM WEILBACH I THINK
HE WAS THE LAST YEAR SO I'VE
NOT SEEN ANY CALLERS AT THIS
TIME.
>> OK THANK WITH THAT THE
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION.
I WILL SAY VERY BRIEFLY SO
COMPARING THIS TO THE FIRST
PETITION THAT WE SAW THIS
EVENING WITH THE THE SUNROOM
SIMILAR TO A SCREENED IN PORCH
IN MY OPINION THIS THAT NOT
ONLY IS IT PETITIONED TO A
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE, NOT A
VARIANCE SO THE STANDARDS THERE
ARE SIGNIFICANTLY EASIER TO
MEET BUT THERE ARE SIGNIFICANT
CHALLENGES WITH THIS THIS LOT
THE HOUSE IS BARELY WITHIN THE
BUILDABLE AREA AS IT IS.
SO ANY NEARLY ANY ADDITIONS TO
THE HOUSE WOULD BE OUTSIDE
OF THE SETBACK AREA AND YEAH,
THERE'S A LOT OF I'D SAY UNIQUE
THINGS ABOUT THIS THIS LOT THAT
MAKE IT A DIFFERENT SCENARIO
ENTIRELY SO FOR ME IT'S MUCH
EASIER TO SUPPORT THIS THAN THE
PREVIOUS ONE THAT WE LOOKED AT
THIS EVENING.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION, CHRIS?
I CAN GO FOR A MOTION IF
EVERYONE'S READY.
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE READY.
THANK YOU FOR ZIBA TWENTY FOUR
GASSIER ZERO ZERO FOUR ONE ONE
TWO FIVE FAIR OAKS PARKWAY THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE
POINT THREE TO POINT TO YOU
ALTERATION YOUR NONCONFORMING
STRUCTURE TO ALLOW A STRUCTURE
OF EXCUSE ME TO ALLOW
CONSTRUCTION OF AN APPROXIMATE
TWO HUNDRED AND TEN SQUARE
SCREENED PORCH ADDITION TO THE
SIDE OF A NON CONFORMING
DECISION WILL NOT ENCROACH
FURTHER INTO THE REQUIRED REAR
YARD SETBACK, THE ADDITION IS
TO BE BUILT PER THE SUBMITTED
PLANS.
>> THANK YOU CHRIS.
I HAVE SUPPORT SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRISTINA MIKE.
YES, CHRISTINA.
>> YES, YES, CHRIS.
YES, GRACE YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES DERMO YES
SIDERIS YES.
>> THE REQUEST IS GRANTED.
>> MOVING ON TO UNFINISHED
BUSINESS WE HAVE THE TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR CALENDAR
OF ESSENTIALLY THE SCHEDULE
OF OUR CBA MEETINGS FOR TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR FROM THE CLERK'S
OFFICE FOR POSTING SO WE
MENTIONED SOMETHING ABOUT THIS
LAST MONTH.
I MENTIONED THAT MAYBE OFFERED
THE CANCELATION OF THE MEETING.
>> I GOT A LOT OF RESISTANCE ON
THAT I THOUGHT AND SO I ALSO
THOUGHT WE WERE GOING TO HAVE
POSSIBLY TWO MONTHS IN A ROW
AND MAY IN THE BASEMENT BUT
I'VE BEEN NOTIFIED AS OF A
COUPLE OF DAYS AGO THAT THAT'S
NO LONGER THE CASE.
WE MAY WELL BE IN THE CHAMBERS
SO WE'RE ONLY GOING TO HAVE ONE
MONTH IN THE BASEMENT OF SET UP
A MEETING WITH CTM AND SO WE'RE
GOING TO TRY TO WORK OUT ANY
BUGS WITH OPERATING IN THE
BASEMENT.
SO I DON'T THINK IT'S AN ISSUE
ANYMORE.
I THINK WE CAN GO AHEAD AND
HAVE THE APRIL MEETING IN THE
BASEMENT SO I DON'T THINK
THERE'S A NEED TO CANCEL IT.
SO IF ANYONE ELSE AGREES WITH
ME, I THINK WE CAN JUST DROP
THAT FROM THE UNFINISHED
BUSINESS IF IT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
>> SO DO WE NEED TO VOTE ON
THIS OR NO IF YOU'VE ALREADY
BEEN APPROVED IT WAS ONE WE'VE
ALREADY APPROVED THE CALENDAR.
THE ONLY TIME WE'RE GOING TO
HAVE A VOTE IS IF WE'RE GOING
TO CANCEL IT.
BUT PATCHER IF THERE WAS AN
AGREEMENT WITH ME AND JUST
DECIDES YEAH, WELL LET'S JUST
KEEP THE CALENDAR THE SAME.
>> WE DON'T I DON'T THINK WE
NEED TO VOTE ON IT.
>> RIGHT.
I'M FINE WITH WORKING OUT
OF THE BASE.
THAT'S WHAT I THAT'S THE
FEELING I GOT THE LAST DONE IT
BEFORE ON RARE OCCASIONS I KNOW
WE DID IT I DID IT.
I DON'T THINK I'VE EVER DONE
THE BASE.
I DID IT ONCE ON THE SIXTH
FLOOR.
>> WE DID IT ONCE AND I'VE DONE
IT ONCE FROM THE BASEMENT.
I DID IT FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD
OF TIME I THINK AT THE CTM
OFFICES BECAUSE OH YEAH SO ALL
RIGHT.
SO ANY OTHER COMMENTS AND THAT
WAS GOOD WITH IT AS IT IS
FABULOUS JUST LET EVERYONE KNOW
NEXT MONTH I HOPE EVERYONE'S
HERE.
>> IT'S GONNA BE A BIG AGENDA.
>> I HAVE SEVEN PETITIONS.
OH GOODNESS I WOULD LIKE TO BE
OK.
ALL RIGHT.
SO I WILL NOTE THAT ANYONE ELSE
IN ADVANCE FOR EVICTION YOU ARE
GOING TO BE HERE EITHER.
OH ALL RIGHT.
I THINK THOSE GUYS ARE MAKING
IT UP BECAUSE YOU JUST SAID IT
WAS A LONG AGENDA.
I'M ALMOST CERTAIN IT WAS.
IT'S A NEXT MONTH.
YEAH.
MARCH 27.
>> YES.
ALL RIGHT.
>> MOVING ON NEW BUSINESS WE
HAVE NONE COMMUNICATIONS.
WE HAVE ADDRESSED PUBLIC
COMMENT IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM
THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK
WITH THE CBA, NOW'S YOUR CHANCE
SINCE THERE'S NO ONE HERE IF
THERE'S ANYONE ACCESSING
REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE
TO RAISE YOUR HAND OR USE THE
RAISED HAND BUTTON.
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS ALL
RIGHT.
>> THANKS, JOHN.
BUT THAT DO HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN.
>> OH YEAH PLEASE CUT YOU
DURING COMMUNICATIONS.
I WANTED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW
ABOUT A UDC CHANGE CITY COUNCIL
MADE IN OUR LAST MEETING ABOUT
THE CONFLICTING LAND USE
BUFFER.
BASICALLY WE ELIMINATED THE
REQUIREMENT TO BUFFER THE SAME
USERS FROM EACH OTHER
SPECIFICALLY MULTIFAMILY
DWELLINGS FROM OTHER
MULTIFAMILY DWELLINGS IN THE
SAME DISTRICT.
SO THIS COULD CREATE A
SITUATION AND I'M NOT SURE IF
WE'VE SEEN REQUESTS FOR
VARIANCES.
>> I KNOW THAT LATELY BUT WE
HAVE IN THE PAST YES.
I'VE EVER SEEN ONE.
BUT I IMAGINED THAT THIS WOULD
BE SOMETHING SO YOU KNOW, I HAD
ASKED FOR EXAMPLES OF WHERE
THIS CREATES A PROBLEM AND THE
EXAMPLES THAT WERE GIVEN TO ME
WERE MULTI FAMILY HOUSES THAT
SIT NEXT TO EACH OTHER AND
WANTING TO SHARE A DRIVEWAY 24
FOOT WIDE DRIVEWAY WOULD STILL
NEED TO HAVE FIFTEEN FEET ON
BOTH SIDES SO THIRTY THREE FEET
PLUS THE SIXTY SIX FEET
BASICALLY LIKE THE WIDTH GETS
TAKEN UP AND THEN YOU CAN HAVE
A SHARED DRIVEWAY ESSENTIALLY
OR YOU'RE NOT CONFORMING.
>> SO UM THIS ALLOWS US TO MORE
EFFICIENTLY USE PARCELS AND
ALSO UH YOU KNOW BUILD IN
DENSITY AND MAINTAIN
NEIGHBORHOOD CHARACTER SO
THAT'S IT.
OK THANKS FOR THE UPDATE.
ANYONE ELSE HAVE ANYTHING TO
SHARE?
>> ALL RIGHT NOW WE'RE READY
FOR A MOTION TO ADJOURN.
NO, THANK YOU, CHRIS.
SUPPORT FROM DERMO ALL IN FAVOR
SAY AYE.
>> AYE, I OPPOSED.
WE'RE JOINED.
THANKS EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU